Wow picture in picture
That's right, this is a painting that won't get lost until you get lost
This is the last drug
Chunju Jiangshan Map
Oh, dear.
The old man is clumsy
I can't even see the picture in the picture
I'm getting really old.
This world should really be left to young people
But that's the painting. What's his value?
1 million No
One hundred million
One hundred million oh my god
This time
The antique with the biggest price difference at the antique convention was born
This is the picture in the picture of the spring residence in the country
And the new king of treasure appraisal
Belongs to Nishan Pavilion
Mr. Ye Xianye
monk
I'll take the money with a smile
Oh, right.
I seem to have smashed your vase.
What about me?
Have 100 bucks
As compensation to you
If you have more, you don't need to look for it.
Ye Xian, remember it for me
I'm too late to eat meat on you
Sooner or later I will double outside